Believe you can and you're halfway there - Theodore Roosevelt : Motivation
The only way to do great work is to love what you do - Steve Jobs : Motivation
Success is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts - Winston Churchill : Motivation
Dream big and dare to fail - Norman Vaughan : Motivation
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity - Albert Einstein : Motivation
The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible - Charles Kingsleigh : Motivation
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt : Motivation
Success is not the absence of failure, it's the persistence through failure. - Aisha Tyler : Motivation
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer : Motivation
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. - Zig Ziglar : Motivation
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step - Lao Tzu : Inspiration
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think - A.A. Milne : Inspiration
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Zig Ziglar : Inspiration
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt : Inspiration
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance. - Alan Watts : Inspiration
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle. - Christian D. Larson : Inspiration
The best way to predict the future is to create it - Abraham Lincoln : Inspiration
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today - Franklin D. Roosevelt : Inspiration
Every day may not be good, but there is something good in every day. : Inspiration
Mindfulness isn't difficult, we just need to remember to do it - Sharon Salzberg : Mindfulness
In today's rush, we all think too much, seek too much, want too much, and forget about the joy of just being - Eckhart Tolle : Mindfulness
Wherever you are, be there totally - Eckhart Tolle : Mindfulness
The present moment is the only moment available to us, and it is the door to all moments - Thich Nhat Hanh : Mindfulness
Mindfulness is the aware, balanced acceptance of the present experience - Sylvia Boorstein : Mindfulness
Be present in all things and thankful for all things - Maya Angelou : Mindfulness
Mindfulness is the aware, balanced acceptance of the present experience. - Sylvia Boorstein : Mindfulness
Mindfulness is about being fully awake in our lives. It is about perceiving the exquisite vividness of each moment. - Jon Kabat-Zinn : Mindfulness
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you - Walt Whitman : Positivity
You are capable of more than you know. : Positivity
Every day is a second chance. : Positivity
Your attitude determines your direction. : Positivity
Every day is a new beginning. Take a deep breath and start again. - Unknown : Positivity
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller : Positivity
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. - Zig Ziglar : Positivity
The difference between a good day and a bad day is your attitude. - Unknown : Positivity
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions - Dalai Lama : Happiness
The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are - Goldie Hawn : Happiness
Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy - Ralph Marston : Happiness
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts - Marcus Aurelius : Happiness
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened - Dr Seuss : Happiness
The purpose of our lives is to be happy - Dalai Lama : Happiness
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears - John Lennon : Happiness
The most important thing is to enjoy your life, to be happy, it's all that matters - Audrey Hepburn : Happiness
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future, it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn : Happiness
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything. - Unknown : Happiness
Don't wait around for other people to be happy for you. Any happiness you get you've got to make yourself. - Alice Walker : Happiness
Positivity is a mindset! : Positivity